twitter analysis and policy issue. R
1.Check whether the applicants have age<18 and if true then mark the status=Rejected on database
2.For each applicant other than rejected, retrieve tweets based on his twitter username and check the job-related tweets and takes its count. if count is larger than a normal number we assume that he is unemployed and mark the status confirmed.
3.Sent a confirmation-mail to all confirmed customers along with his secret id to login

premium calculation. R
1.Build a machine learning model that calculate the premium based on his personal data including age, sex, region, body mass index, marital status, previous insurance history, children, smoking habit. 
2.Take the customers with status=confirmed and calculate each one’s premium
3.Discount the premium for unemployed persons which has no skill-set. Other features considering are:
•	Location of stay
•	Married peoples have high premium than single
•	Previous insurance holder has high premium than a fresher
•	Women's approach doctors than men 
•	Persons intake injurious substance has high premium 
•	Premium is low for young peoples 
•	Body mass index have significant impact on premium
4.Periodically check employment status for next premium calculation
     1. Keep the same discounted premium if unemployed
     2. Restore to non-discounted premium if applicant becomes employed


claim. R
1.Take claim applications from database
2.For each application check for following 
•	Distance between claimant’s home address and medical provider is huge
•	Multiple medical opinions/providers   
•	Certain disease types 
•	Changing providers for the same treatment
•	Excessive number of claims in a specific period
•	Higher than average number of treatments   
•	Abnormally long time off for a given type of disease
•	Duplicate claims 
•	Loss payments that do not correlate with the severity of the injury.
•	Excessive number of claims in the same day
•	Excessive number of claims in a specific period
•	Validation based on hospital network (Govt or private hospitals recognized by govt of india). 
These situations are marked as ‘Rejected’ which require further investigation.
3.Update database with status=Accept or reject based on above checking and if rejected mark reason for rejection also on the database

registration.php
1.Enter the following details for registration,
Name, Age, Education, Employee or not, Profession, location, marital status, gender, previous insurance holder or not, twitter name, number of children, smoker or not, region, email, phone number, body mass index
2.After successfully submitted you receive a secret id to login

login.php
1.Use your secret id (Received after registration) to login 
2.Client can use a special id for login into admin page (id provided by the developer)

profile.php
Profile page consist of following features,
1-View personal details     
2-We can update selected already submitted personal details. (Educational qualification, Employment status, Profession, Location, Marital Status, Twitter name)
3-Contains status of your application (that is accepted or rejected), if accepted it shows premium amount also. 
4-Apply for claims and view claim status (accepted or rejected), if rejected it shows reason for rejection.  

admin.php
Admin page provides manual control to client over customers. The main features are, 
1.Client can delete customer 
2.Client can accept or reject or delete claims
Only client can access this page.

NOTE
•	premium calculation. R :  uses insurance.csv as dataset to train
•	claim. R:  uses hospital_directory.csv for hospital validation

 DB TABLES
The submitted data will reside in database called ‘my ‘with a table name of register2, its fields are
name 	
age 	
education 	
employee -employee or not (yes/no answer needed)
profession 	
location
mar-marital status(single/married)	
gender-(male/female) 	
Pre-previous insurance holder or not (yes/no) 
tweet-valid twitter name of customer
status-unemployment status generated by script, confirm if he is unemployed else rejected(confirmed/rejected) 	
id-secret id of each customer 	
children-number of children’s 
smoker-(yes/no)
region- (select from dropdown)
bmi-body mass index 	
premium-premium calculated by script
ph-phone number
mail-mail id
mailconfirm- Wheather mail is sent to the person or not for application approval

The claims are submitted to claim database and its fields are
cid-unique claim id
location-location of medical provider
id-unique client id
name-name of medical claim
hospital-name of medical provider
amount-claim amount
number-number of visits in the hospital
duration-number of days admitted in the hospital
status-statu7s of claim (accepted or rejected)
reason-reason for rejection if claim rejected otherwise reason is eligible
date-date of claim applied
smsststus- Wheather sms sent to the person or not for claim approval

#premium calculation module
uses insurance.csv as dataset to train

#claim module
uses hospital_directory.csv for hospital validation






 

